README.md, before:

# Reimagined Umbrella - My Personal Website

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying 

page.tsx

. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Project Structure

- **app/**: Contains the main application code, including pages and components.
- **assets/**: Stores static assets like images and fonts.
- **config/**: Configuration files for the project.
- **content/**: Markdown and MDX content for the blog.
- **lib/**: Utility functions and libraries.
- **public/**: Publicly accessible files.
- **styles/**: Global styles and Tailwind CSS configuration.

## Blog Posts

Blog posts are written in MDX and stored in the 

blog

 directory. Example posts include:

- The Lifecycle of a React Component, Explained by Cats
- Debugging React with Wizardry and Magic
- Building My Personal Website with Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and a Sprinkle of Velite

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Similar code found with 1 license type

Commit message:

docs: update README to enhance project description and clarify setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Reimagined Umbrella - My Personal Website

Welcome to my personal website project, built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), and [Velite](https://velite.js.org/). This site serves as a portfolio to showcase my projects, blog posts, and articles, all while leveraging modern web development tools.

## Getting Started

To get started with the development server, run one of the following commands:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Project Structure

- **app/**: Contains the main application code, including pages and components.
- **assets/**: Stores static assets like images and fonts.
- **config/**: Configuration files for the project.
- **content/**: Markdown and MDX content for the blog.
- **lib/**: Utility functions and libraries.
- **public/**: Publicly accessible files.
- **styles/**: Global styles and Tailwind CSS configuration.

## Blog Posts

Blog posts are written in MDX and stored in the `content/blog` directory. Example posts include:

- [The Lifecycle of a React Component, Explained by Cats](content/blog/react-lifecycle-cats.mdx)
- [Debugging React with Wizardry and Magic](content/blog/react-debug-magic.mdx)
- [Building My Personal Website with Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and a Sprinkle of Velite](content/blog/building-my-personal-website/my-website-journey.mdx)

## Features

- **MDX Integration**: Write JSX in Markdown documents for rich content pages.
- **ESLint**: Maintain code quality and consistency with `eslint-config-next`.
- **Math and LaTeX Support**: Render mathematical expressions with `katex`, `react-katex`, `rehype-katex`, and `remark-math`.
- **Remark and Rehype Plugins**: Enhance Markdown processing with plugins like `remark-gfm`, `rehype-autolink-headings`, `rehype-pretty-code`, and `rehype-slug`.
- **DaisyUI**: Use pre-designed components built on top of Tailwind CSS.
- **Brevo Integration**: Manage newsletter signups with Brevo (formerly Sendinblue).
- **Google Analytics**: Track website traffic and user interactions.

## Deployment

The project is deployed on GitHub Pages using GitHub Actions for automated builds and deployments. For more details, check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying).

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

I used [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).
